On a baby's answer, that's the...
That you felt a sort of...
You'd better call it with a few minutes.
Whatever it is.
But I've been not, my friend.
The answer I check in was led to believe that by Mr. Carr.
I certainly gained that in question.
I don't think that I have survived
before the month of investigation will terminate.
If Mr. Shine hadn't given a commission,
he'd call by the time I think you'd know that to Shine
will have been taken into the department.
That to Shine will give me an army watch
what they're going to do in the army.
No, no, not at me.
You have to have some more.
I'll sue me.
I'll sue me, my friend.
Send them a copy of charges or a suit.
If the army had a given,
private Shine a commission,
or located him in New York.
One of the benefactors, the army member of law,
a pardoning power,
will the committee to co-op the investigation?
No, no, no, no.
The army never can fill a job of shine
as a piece of bargaining power.
I never can fill it in the fact.
I never can fill it.
Private Shine, in any way,
and a soldier who should serve the soldier.
You never can fill it by the time I'd
a pawn for the unit.
I did not say that.
Before Senator Jackson starts to question the witness,
I've had to return to our chiefial
who dropped the concrete of the minor station
to identify themselves.
This is ABC television network.
The Miami story reveals the way Miami
puts the heat of the nation's biggest gun girl
gambling syndicate.
Films away at happenings with brutality and violence.
Where it happened in Miami's gambling casinos
under armed police protection.
These are Miami's story now
of the paramount state at times.
Wait.
Overweights, cut no text.
Rouge those arms, get in step with Louis Sherry,
sugar free jelly.
Grape, strawberry, black, black,
orange, monolate.
One of them was the gallery of three people fold.
In an effort to get us to meet,
Senator Jackson has not yet started the question threat.
Similar to the questions that I put to Mr. Steve.
Chapter 79, title 18,
section 1621 of the U.F. Code,
field for surgery,
states in effect that any person that
ceptifies a girl,
and will play in Comrade to such a
state first described any material matter
that she does not lead to be through
with children's surgery in jail.
Except there's otherwise expressly provided by the law,
they find not more than $2,000,
or in case of not more than five years.
There are a number of allegations and statements
concerning Mr. Adams that I believe are material
to the controversy.
None of these statements,
the allegations against you,
and have had yet been made under oath.
If those responsible for making them do repeat them under oath,
and you denied them under oath,
if all of them suspect the many,
then someone is guilty of surgery.
I know you realize that this is the most serious matter,
and I hope that you will confer deeply
as you answer the question that I'm about to put to you.
The first question.
This was stated by Mr. Cohn
on March 12, 1954,
that he tried to blackmail him
and to calling off the suspect committee investigation
of the Army.
Is this allegation of Mr. Cohn
who or faulted his fault?
You were quoted in the New York Times of March 13
as a label-angous charge of blackmail.
Fantastic and full.
The fantastic and full of your fault.
Do you maintain that position under oath?
How do you say it?
Next question.
It is stated by Mr. Frank Barr
in a memorandum
to Senator McCarty of December 9, 1953,
that's December 9, 1953 for your reference.
Would you like to have us first?
I have it first.
And I told, December 9, 1953,
from Frank Barr, memorandum to Senator McCarty.
So even though they, the Army,
said he, shine, deserve a commission.
They did not give it to him
because of the left wing threat
and they keep trying to dangle,
to pull the small favors in front of us,
in the full.
Did you ever make a statement
that private shine deserves a commission?
Yes, sir.
Did you ever hear Secretary Steven make that statement
to any member of the McCarty Committee
or McCarty Committee staff?
No, sir.
Would you label that allegation as true or false?
I would say, for the allegation has been false.
Mr. Roy Cohn has quoted in US News and World Report
of March 19, 1954 as stating,
that the Army and I call.
No improper influence
will ever exerted by me,
may be combed.
Though by anyone else on behalf of Sean,
end of call,
is that statement true or false?
On the express,
on March 14, 1954,
Mr. Cohn answered a question
by Mr. Jack Bell of Associated Press
and I quote,
I'm quoting now.
The only communication we had with the Army
was with Mr. Cohn speaking.
The only communication we had with the Army about time
when he was down at court,
was pursuant to our arrangements,
but after his training was over at the end of the day,
and over weekend,
when he was doing no training,
he would, instead of recreational activities,
devote himself to work.
And that was the only purpose of any communication
we had with the Army
while he was at court big.
There's this statement of Mr. Cohn's tour ball.
I am, instead of the driver of the Army there,
I will say that he did have communication
with me for the difficult of the math
for the patient to get false.
Next question.
Mr. Cohn has folded on me
to press on March 14.
I was sitting in an answer to Larry's feedback
and I quote,
Mrs. Mr. Cohn,
please.
As I said, Mr. Cohn,
we did not ask for special treatment for him.
Chai, and her quote,
the best statement to her quote,
has been its fault.
Okay.
In an interview random from
Roy Cohn to Senator McCartney,
dated December 9, 1953,
to following with state.
This is December 9 for Roy Cohn,
the Senator McCartney.
Since December 9, 1953,
the following was stated,
and I quote,
John Adams said today that following the idea
upon investigations of the Air Force,
he had gotten specific information for us
about an Air Force base,
where there are a large number of home affectionate.
He said he was treated
with that information if we would tell him
what the next Army project was,
we would investigate,
and oppose.
Does that say a true or a false?
That's both of his thoughts.
You have stated under oath,
Mr. Adams, that Mr. Cohn used extremely
a scene and by two previous language
as there is time.
And so the Army had double caught him
when he said there was Cohn.
When he felt Chai was not receiving
the treatment that Cohn felt the Army
should have reported him.
Am I correct?
Yes, sir.
I meet the press on March 14th
of the year Mr. Jack Dale,
ask Mr. Cohn the following question.
Question.
Well,
did you ever use my cooperative language
as noted twice in this report
in discussing this thing or say
that the Army had double caught you,
and said Cohn,
I think some of the other people
at the table with you
have known me for some time
and watched me know that
whatever else I might do,
I'm not a type who was used by
Superdive Langtime.
I try to be a gentleman,
and I think I was in my dealing with Mr. Steven
and with the Army in this report.
There's Mr. Cohn's statement
that he never used by Superdive Langtime
as true or false.
In your testimony,
on May 12th, Mr. Adams,
of this year,
you stated that he
26,
06,
on the flyman.
You stated that he,
on page 26 of this date,
that Mr. Delight's phone,
when he heard that David Cohn
was liable to be sent overseas,
stated, and I quote,
Steven is through a secretary of the arms,
and then added with even more force,
folks, we will wreck the Army into full.
Army suppressed on March 14th, 1964,
the following call-up way,
took place, Mr. Jack Cohn.
Mr. Cohn, did you at any time,
under any circumstance,
you'd wreck the Army?
Mr. Cohn, that statement on a face
is so ridiculous,
that it's even hard for me to end.
Of course I don't,
and of course I shouldn't,
but I would deny,
when Mr. Cohn,
that he ever said he would wreck the Army,
through or fall,
through the Army fall.
Jack Cohn,
and then,
this fall, Jack Cohn,
did you say that you would speak to it,
that secretary Steven would be through?
Mr. Cohn,
that again is so ridiculous,
just on a face.
How could I,
one employee of a Senate committee,
bring about the wrecking of an Army,
which I've beaten Hitler and Sojourn,
and the foe?
Isn't it an aisle of Mr. Cohn,
that he ever said that foe,
Steven would be through,
and secretary of the Army,
through or fall?
And I, I just fall.
Illinois Cohn,
Frank Cohn,
a Senate of the Conningville,
a particular,
and paragraph 24 page 12.
You find that?
I'm paragraph 24 page 12.
It has stated my foe.
Honor upon October 13th,
1953, Mr. Adams suggested that the subcommittee go after the Navy,
and Air Force,
and drop its foe of communist infiltration in the Army,
and the foe.
Mr. Adams,
is that true or false?
True or false?
From the family's fire.
Senator,
Senator Femme.
I have no questions this time.
Senator Warton.
Mr. Warton,
Mr. Warton, Mr. Sinclare.
Mr. Cohn,
Senator.
there you go,
I don't know.
So we're wasting much time,
and here's Mr. Steven's private sign,
but we'll have to wait a bit more at least.
I have these questions,
and you have the questions,
Senator Potter asked you.
I have them written in the site that you have been very close
to the reporters for the Washington Post,
which I've referred to often as the Washington Baylor worker, haven't you?
I have a clean excuse before I took the Washington Post.
You haven't traveled with you in touch.
I traveled once with Mr. Cohn.
I think it's right now, traveled twice.
Now I quote from the
issue of Thursday March 25, 1954,
article in Washington's
poster daily worker,
there's something much I want to call him.
They talk,
finding it unofficial.
So the former unpaid consultant to Senator Joseph Rhyme
was not even left to getting committee,
and both friend of Rhyme Cohn,
chief counsel of the group,
will become a student of the Army
criminal investigation school of Camp Gordon, Georgia next week.
Now I quote from the same sheet the next day,
following the March 26th,
with the front page survey,
the Army has backtracked
on assigning private V-Day of a shine
to its criminal investigation school
after the White House intervened in the case.
But if no, me at this,
but it's not true,
or whether it's completely unsure.
I have no knowledge of how those stories came out.
I have no knowledge of the
purpose of reference to the question of the effort
and I have no knowledge of any of the
program refining with their
best private shine.
I'm unable to give you any help on those new stories, sir.
Well, I wonder if you could do this for us, Mr. Adams.
The claim here, the shine got special consideration.
Where are the new stories?
Where are one of the papers that you've
favorite with a preview of the charges against the
strong, tryingly story that shine was in pedals
to go to criminal investigation school
before the White House intervened.
In view of the facts of this,
I can't believe this is true,
I can't believe the White House will
intervieween the case of their private.
But you apparently are friendly with this paper.
So it happens to him.
You think you could find out for me
the basis for this story.
And tell me, if you can't find the basis of
I know you can't ask for the source of their
information, could you come back Monday and
tell me whether or not there's any truth for this story?
What if you want me to come back and tell you on Monday?
For the very truth to the original story,
the shine was excited for our criminal investigation school
number one and number two I quote,
so the army has tracked on assigning privacy to
the time of criminal investigation school after the
White House intervened in the case.
If you could deal it over the weekend,
give it an information Monday and I appreciate it very much.
I don't think that I could do it, sir.
But if you could deal it, no, sir.
Well, frankly, if you're friend or a former
enough he has been excited to go to
criminal investigation school for the enough
of a million people in Boston.
Could I?
Yes, could you?
Well, I think it is.
Which would you do that for me?
Yes, and so far I know that it's not true.
All right.
But when you were checking,
another one you said, sorry, it's because
he's unsure.
I say, it's far I know that it's not true.
If you're getting mad, it's your favorite paper, can't you?
My favorite paper is New York Times.
And what?
It's the right to go.
There's one person, Mr. Adams,
along that line, he left your favorite paper,
why did you leave him out of your preview
of the charge of the gift, but there's no answer.
I'll tell you, I think it is only fair and fair
at the state tonight.
Nobody will give a drinkable any charge.
Because that's the time I told you these new
things, I mean, I haven't known that.
I think the charge of the gift is the correct.
This doesn't do actually, Mr. Adams,
for a trip.
At least you didn't give your paper a paper
of preview of the fact that I didn't know
if there were people of preview of any charge.
Well, I was just simply understanding what the term means.
You gave the child a complete run
of the charges, a month before the senator is gone,
some dentist.
I told Mr. Adams what the fact that I had
is was not a run down of charges.
I have no knowledge that any charges
were going to be spared at that time.
Well, now, as you showed him your files,
and you saw him over the office?
No, I didn't call him over the office.
He came into my office.
All right, and I hit that money for your protection
on his ad you did set the money
as if he was showing all of your files over the second.
Is that true that you've known?
I said that, that's true, I didn't hit it that.
But I want to put them up there, too.
I showed them all my files about the charges.
You have authority to do that, Mr. Dean.
No.
I don't have any authority that I can relax
before you ever use and act on my part
over the prescription to the good, Mr. Man.
Those persons, please.
Thank you.
Let's go to the next object.
Now, we'll get back to that again, perhaps.
Well, Mr. Adams, I'm sure you'll agree.
It's very serious matter as far as I'm concerned
and my staff are accused of improper conduct.
I'm very carefully recruited by a considered
an outstanding staff, all of them
with a background of FBI training,
Justice Department Secret Service
with the exception of one.
Mr. Cohen, as you know, has had a tremendous background
in prosecuting commuters in the Rosenberg case.
Now, I'm in case.
Some of the top commuters,
exposing commuters to the UN.
Mr. Kairz, you know, was head of the security
matters desk of the FBI in New York
and the light support came with my committee.
So if there's done something in the proper,
I'd like to know about that.
And we've been talking about the conversation
you've had with Mr. Cohen.
For the time being, could we forget about
the conversations and get down to what he did
that was in law?
Can that connect with me and ask you this?
Doesn't I tell you that Mr. Cohen, Mr. Kairz,
were following my instruction,
carrying out my orders and digging out
commuters infiltration of the military?
I told you that, doesn't it?
I don't remember such statements that I always assumed
that they were in your office.
Yes.
Now, a scientific conversation,
the threats that you talked about,
what exactly did Mr. Cohen do to follow up the threats?
Saturday, where you been, you're looking on the 17th of December?
I was. We'd like to discuss that.
Yes, sir.
But that's the right thing we're at.
And what's the discuss that we're getting on to
be my question, we'll get back to discuss.
You and I, Mr. Cohen, Mr. Kairz,
two friends of mine had lunch at Gasser's,
that right?
Yes, sir.
The Gasser's the rest of the short,
away from Foley Square in New York.
Yes, sir.
And at that time, we spent a great deal of time
discussing General Law, and that we know.
No, sir.
You say we didn't know the discuss.
We discussed for a very short time.
How long were we in the press conference?
We were in that restaurant,
two and a half hours.
Now, the refresher recollection, Mr. Adams,
that you not bring up the subject of Dave Shine,
did not, and you brought up the subject, right?
I did, sir.
And at it?
You said you didn't know the answer, you know, right here.
Right. Now, you brought up the subject.
When you brought it up, did not, Mr. Cohen sign?
Let's discuss Lawton, because I want Senator McKite,
you don't know what Adams and Stevens are trying to do to Lawton.
No, sir, he did not.
Well, we did get out of the question of Lawton, didn't we?
Yes, sir.
And you indicated to me that Lawton was to be relieved of his command?
On that occasion, sir?
Yes.
The answer is in the meeting.
Well, what did you tell me about Lawton?
I said, Dave, it was about Lawton on that occasion, me, yes.
I remind my diary number was brought up on Mr. Cohen,
about my only statement of reference to the truth,
was to protest and say that the allegation he made
the reference to the Secretary's plans concerning General Lawton
was not true, but that Mr. Cohen
did seem to himself the same man.
So, Mr. Cohen pointed out to me that Mr. Lawton,
or the Honorable Lawton was to be broken, rather,
to be summoned to the command, because of his cooperation
with the committee.
And you said that he was being relieved of his command
for a different reason.
And you asked me whether I would do the act of Lawton
or broken?
Not on that occasion, no, sir.
When we entered a rundown town,
then you were discussed that, right?
Yes, sir.
And we came to a place where the door left turned well.
That's right.
The placement on the corner?
Very twice, sir.
Mr. Cohen had a card.
He held out the card to the placement inside
and the Saddam post of the railway station.
Can I turn left here?
And the placement side, who the something others
with Saddam said, go on ahead?
I didn't have the sender there, I regret.
Correct.
Well, the thing keeps me on it.
There's no one to turn left, and the police
does know that I'm full left card on me,
but it's straight ahead.
All right.
So he tried to turn left to take you to the people.
Your time is exact.
OK.
This is what reminds me that it just has to speak
already.
We will stand for five minute recess at this time.
This is the first of the five minute recesses
that have been called under the new agreement
to have longer sessions in the morning and the afternoon.
It's sort of equivalent to the seven-pinning stretch
in the bulk.
And while we do have the opportunity,
let's return to our studios across the country
to permit our stations to identify themselves.
This is ABC Television Network.